New port: Aquaria (#1304)
PortsMaster/PortMaster-New: ports/aquaria/README.md

## Acknowledgements
Thanks to Alec Holowka, Derek Yu and Bit-Blot for the original game and making [AquariaOSE](https://github.com/AquariaOSE/Aquaria) available.

Thanks to ptitSeb for the [gl4es library](https://github.com/ptitSeb/gl4es).

## Steam depot

> If you own the game on Steam, you can download the files using `download_depot 24420 24423 1286644614355232789` in the Steam console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you own the game on Steam, download the linux version of the game. Windows users can use the following command in the Steam Console: `download_depot 24420 24423 1286644614355232789`.
```

Author: I've improved the wording and clarified that it doesn't have to be the linux version.
